{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15760\viewh14220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\i\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed\

\i0\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
1.) 
\b Defined The Problem:
\b0 \
	a.) The boat only has enough room for himself and one other item. Everything needs to get across the river without anything happening to the parrot, cat and seeds .\
\
	b.) The man can take multiple trips on the boat.\
	c.) The overall all goal is for the man, cat, parrot and the seeds to cross the river.\
\
2.) 
\b Break the problem apart:
\b0 \
	a.) The constraints is the the parrot can eat the seeds if it\'92s let alone with them and the cat can eat the parrot if it\'92s alone with the parrot. \
	b.) There is only one goal, get everyone across.\
\
3.) 
\b Identify potential solutions:\
	
\b0 a.) Potential solution: I would buried the sack of seeds so that the parrot won\'92t get to it. Would take the cat across first, would comeback to for the bag of seeds; take the seeds across and go back for the parrot last\
		II.) This would ensure that the seeds won\'92t get eaten by the parrot and that the parrot doesn\'92t get eaten by the cat.\
\
4.) 
\b Evaluate each potential solution:\
	
\b0 a.) The solution I came up with will meet the goal.\
	b.) Solution on question 3 answer a.) will work best.\
\
5.) 
\b Choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it.\
	
\b0 a.) The solution is simple, First you must take the cat across the river, before you leaver buried the seeds underground so that the parrot doest not eat them while you transfer the cat across, once you get the cat across. Come back for the seeds, transfer the seeds over to the other side. The cat won\'92t eat the seeds. Finally come back for the Parrot. \
\
	b.) At first I though of taking the seeds across but the would have caused in the parrot being eaten by the cat. the only solution i could find was to hide the seeds somewhere where the parrot couldn\'92t get to them while the cat was transferred to the other side of the rive.\
\
\
\

\i\b\fs28 \ul Socks in the Dark		\
\ulnone \

\i0\b0\fs24 1.)
\b  Define the problem\
	
\b0 a.) The problem is picking out 3 matching pairs without seeing what you are grabbing.\
	b.) Insight is that it does not say if the socks are already paired up or if they are individual socks in the drawer. for the sake of me finishing this on time i\'92m going to hope for the best and assume that the socks are paired up by color.\
\
	c.) The overall goal is to get at least one matching pair of each color; Black, Brown and White.\
\
2.) 
\b Break the problem apart.\
           \
	
\b0 a.) The constrain is that you can not see what pairs of socks you\'92re gathering.\
	b.) Making sure that you don\'92t pick out the wrong socks.\
	\
3.) 
\b Identify potential solutions.\
	
\b0 a.) Solution: Pair up all the socks, after you\'92ve done this add dividers into your drawer to separate them by color. this would guarantee you 100% that you will get the colors correct in the dark.\

\i 	b.) by selecting a minimun of 4 socks the odds are that you will at least get one pair. \

\i0 \
4.) 
\b Evaluate each potential solution\

\i\fs26 	
\i0\b0 a.) Yes, My solution does meet the goal required\
	b.) my first solution works for all cases.\
\
5.) 
\b\fs24 Choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it.\
	
\b0 a.) My solution is fairly simple. To ensure that you get at least one matching pair of socks in the dark simply:\
		Step 1: Pair up the socks.\
		Step 2: Divide the drawer into 3 sections with dividers.\
		Step 3: Put each color in it\'92s own section.\
\
This would give you the best result to achieve the goal of getting socks in the dark.\
\
\
\

\i\b\fs28 \ul Predicting Fingers\
\

\i0\b0\fs24 \ulnone 1.)  
\b Define the problem
\b0 \
	a.) My main problem is having to figure out what finger it would be at the end of the count. 
\i\b \ul \

\fs28 \ulnone 	
\i0\b0\fs26 b.) No insight. 
\i\b\fs28 	\

\i0\b0\fs24 2.) 
\b Break the problem apart\
	
\b0 a.) A constrain is the same as my problem. How do I know what finger the count will end at?
\b \
	
\b0 b.) The best way to break the problem is by figuring out algorithms and patters with the fingers, because the ending number is an even number and the number of fingers (and thumbs) being use is even as well, it should not be a hard task.\
\
3.) 
\b Identify potential solutions\
	
\b0 a.) Solutions one is actually counting 1 to 100, 1 to 100 and 1 to 1000. although this would guarantee the correct answer it would be extremely time consuming.\
	b.) Figure out the algorithm using number patterns in the finger counting. 
\b \

\b0\fs26 \
4.) 
\b\fs24 Evaluate each potential solution\
	
\b0 a.) Yes, both of my solutions would meet the goal, just have to figure out which one is the best to work with.\
	b.) Yes, the solution will work on all cases.\
\
5.) 
\b Choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it.\
	
\b0 a.) Because we are dealing with an even amount of numbers the ending fingernail ALWAYS be the same. the ending finger will always be your pinky.\

\fs26 \

\fs24 \
\
\
\
\
	\
}